# Portfolio Service - Javascript Implementation

## Why do multiple implementations of the same service?
This is a demonstration experiment for me.  My objective to demonstrate and learn and implementation of event sourcing as well as other techniques (e.g. Functional Programming, TDD).  This is the first implementation of this service and the more iteration of the implementation I do the more I will refine my understanding of ES, FP, TDD, and other concepts.  I also have some curiosity as to how much additional code it would take to make a TypeScript implementation and whether a true functional programming language like clojure will reduce lines of code.  

## What have I learned?
You can follow my blog here [AndrewLeichter.com](https://www.andrewleichter.com) but the short answer is; I've learned plenty.  One of the first learning experiences that comes to mind with this project is that while separating side effects from logic is fairly easy to do, the wiring of how to link together your business logic to your infrastructure code (e.g. side effect code) is critical to get right in order to reduce your dependency on mocking to just test business logic.  This implementation did not do a great job in that separation.  As well I believe creating separate test suites for infrastructure code (which should change much less frequently) and business logic is a much better approach.  My next implementation is a clojure implementation which will have better separation and less need for mocking.  